This directory collects datasets for evaluating how well NeuEvo can align embeddings of concepts across different models at different training stages.

There are five subdirectories, described as below. Under each subdirectory, there are folders called `set-{n}`, which includes the following information:
- `neuron.json`
    - Information of each neuron. 
    - One of them is an intruder. Intruder's 'random' value is set to 'yes'.
    - If the neurons are randomly selected, all neurons have 'yes' for 'random' key.
- `img`
    - There are 6 sets under this folder (from `neuron-0` to `neuron-5`). Each set includes each neuron's example images.

## Subdirectories:

### 1. Hand-picked
- It contains 32 sets (from `set-0` to `set-31`).
- Each set (cluster) includes hand-picked neurons. Only intruders are randomly selected.

### 2. NeuEvo-base_model
- It contains 16 sets (from `set-0` to `set-15`).    
- Each set (cluster) is generated by NeuEvo. Except for intruders, neurons in a set are from the base model (pretrained InceptionV3).

### 3. NeuEvo-same_model-diff_epoch
- It contains 16 sets (from `set-0` to `set-15`).
- Each set (cluster) is generated by NeuEvo. Except for intruders, neurons in a set are from the same model, but can be at different training epoch.

### 4. NeuEvo-diff_model-diff_epoch
- It contains 16 sets (from `set-0` to `set-15`).
- Each set (cluster) is generated by NeuEvo. Except the intruders, neurons in a set are from different models at different training epochs.

### 5. Random
- It contains 20 sets (from `set-0` to `set-19`).
- Each set (cluster) includes randomly selected neurons.

